README.md, before:

# Chrome Playlist Notifier
when an audible chrome tab changes its title, show it via libnotify

## Installation
1. make sure you have Python 3 and a notification daemon
1. clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/Gjum/chrome-playlist-notifier.git && cd chrome-playlist-notifier`
1. start the notifier server: `python3 server.py &`
  - you should run this on login, for example in `~/.xinitrc` or in your desktop environment
1. install the chrome extension:
  1. open the [extensions page](chrome://extensions/)
  1. enable `Developer mode`
  1. `Load unpacked extension`, select `chrome-playlist-notifier`

## Usage
1. open a page with a playlist, for example YouTube, Soundcloud, Bandcamp, ...
1. open the context menu (right-click)
1. select `watch this music`
1. now you will receive notifications of the page title when the page status changes
1. to no longer receive notifications, open the context menu again and select `unwatch this music`
1. when the tab closes, it will also be removed from the watched tabs

Commit message:

allow changing port more easily, add -v verbose server option

README.md, after:

# Chrome Playlist Notifier
when an audible chrome tab changes its title, show it via libnotify

## Installation
1. make sure you have Python 3 and a notification daemon
1. clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/Gjum/chrome-playlist-notifier.git && cd chrome-playlist-notifier`
1. change the default port: replace `1234` in `server.py` and `background.js`
1. start the notifier server: `python3 server.py &`
  - you should run this on login, for example in `~/.xinitrc` or in your desktop environment
1. install the chrome extension:
  1. open the [extensions page](chrome://extensions/)
  1. enable `Developer mode`
  1. `Load unpacked extension`, select `chrome-playlist-notifier`

## Usage
1. open a page with a playlist, for example YouTube, Soundcloud, Bandcamp, ...
1. open the context menu (right-click)
1. select `watch this music`
1. now you will receive notifications of the page title when the page status changes
1. to no longer receive notifications, open the context menu again and select `unwatch this music`
1. when the tab closes, it will also be removed from the watched tabs
